---
layout: post
title: Mix of the Year 2010
---

Its finally here.
=================

#Intro

I know this is a long time coming, but I have been busy.  Works been crazy, 
married life is crazy, but fun.  I think I've done a decent job keeping up 
despite the fact I am now more boring.  I've been immersing myself in software 
development to make up lost time, such that I can be equally competent as a 
software engineer as being a mechanical engineer.  I think it's come along well.
This mix has been 90% done since late last year, but I have tinkered at it over the last
6 months.  

As you'll also notice, I've shifted to digital.  This reflects a change in my life
to basically get rid of all material objects in my life, not because I don't like
material things, but it's basically the only way for me to be neat with personal possessions.

# The List

1.  Little Red        3:55    Cathy Davey     The Nameless

    I heard this song in Ireland driving back from Dingle to Tralee on the N86.
    Have only seen this album in Ireland and not the US

2.  Cut Me Out        3:15    MNDR    Green Label Sound

    MNDR opened for Chromeo.  She's a one man show but seems to use [OpenFrameworks](http://www.openframeworks.cc/) 
    or [Processing](http://processing.org/) for her background slideshow, which 
    I thought was cool because I used OpenFrameworks for the photobooth and my 
    slideshow software.  Great opening performance all things considered.

3.  Neato             3:45    Baxendale   Music for Girls EP (2000)

    These guys return to the list since they fit in well now.  

4.  Radio             4:06    The Avalanches  Since I left You (2000)

    I brought these guys back to help transition.  Still no word on a new album.

5.  Night By Night    3:43    Chromeo         Business Casual

    Okay, saw these guys at the [House of Blues Boston](http://www.houseofblues.com/venues/clubvenues/boston/), 
    formerly the Avalon, and I must say, it was an amazing show.  Opened with 
    marching out to a pirate chant of 
        
        Chromeo, oahhhoah, Chromeo, oahhhhhhoah.  
        
    And killed it the whole rest of the show.

6.  In The Summer (Picture House's 'Summer In The Balearics' Mix)     5:52    Crystal Fighters

    Hopefully there's enough summer left to chill to this song.  It's ridiculous.

7.  Miami (Jono Ma and Franklin Furter Remix) 5:19    Foals
    
    I'm not a giant fan of Miami.  But whatever.

8.  Lisztomania (Classixx Version)            5:05    Phoenix

    Jess turned me on to this remix, and it totally grew on me.  Standout arrangement

9.  To The Lighthouse (Millionyoung Remix)   3:12    Memoryhouse

    Kind of a throw back to the Darling Buds meets Ladytron.  I like this remix
    much better than the original.  Just like most Gorillaz tracks, speaking of which...

10. Empire Ants (Miami Horror Remix) edit     3:26    Gorillaz

    I cut this remix up as it is way too long, but it's still a great track.

11. Kisses            4:12  Kisses

    I love this song even though it violates 100% of my pop rule blacklist, including:
    
        * Use of handclaps
        * cliched lines
        * about nothing
        * "Won't Stop, Can't Stop"

12. Round and Round   5:09    Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti   Before Today
    
        Great song.  Almost didn't include it

13. Shellshock        6:30    New Order   (1986)

    This is how you should say "Won't Stop, Can't Stop" without saying it.

14. Mr. Superlove     6:05    The Afghan Whigs  What Jail Is Like EP (1994)

    About something.

